Add a section about the pytest plugin in the README (#19)
bloomberg/memray: README.md

rootdir: /mypackage, configfile: pytest.ini
plugins: cov-2.12.0, memray-0.1.0
collected 21 items

tests/test_package.py .....................                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [100%]

================================================================================================================================= MEMRAY REPORT ==================================================================================================================================
Allocations results for tests/test_package.py::some_test_that_allocates

	 📦 Total memory allocated: 24.4MiB
	 📏 Total allocations: 33929
	 📊 Histogram of allocation sizes: |▂   █    |
	 🥇 Biggest allocating functions:
		- parse:/opt/bb/lib/python3.8/ast.py:47 -> 3.0MiB
		- parse:/opt/bb/lib/python3.8/ast.py:47 -> 2.3MiB
		- _visit:/opt/bb/lib/python3.8/site-packages/astroid/transforms.py:62 -> 576.0KiB
		- parse:/opt/bb/lib/python3.8/ast.py:47 -> 517.6KiB
		- __init__:/opt/bb/lib/python3.8/site-packages/astroid/node_classes.py:1353 -> 512.0KiB
```

> You can also use some of the included markers to cause some selected tests to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use some of the included markers to make tests
```
